Hi, I am Debasish.
I am part of BFS TAO group and I provide solutions, mentor associates in JPMC Asset Wealth Management in North America. 
My key focus area is to lead teams across LOBs under Asset Wealth Management for successful implementation in Cloud initiatives.

Starting this year 2017, the challenge that we faced was to upskill our 300+ associates with Cloud and Next-Gen technologies to meet our customer's expectation. 

So in Q1 we started to train our associates in batches in Cloud platform, Next-Gen Digital technologies and DevOps platform.
    I along with my team structured and delivered focused training, setup Cloud Lab for associates to make them confident enough for implementing a real life project in Cloud platform.
In Q2 
	We shared proposals and solution approach, demonstrated our Cloud skills and present workforce skillset to JPMC Customer.
	Customer was very excited and it helped to ramp up with requirement of 40+ associates.
	The business speaks itself that because of all these successful events we gained 8 Million dollar deal in Cloud initiative projects.
In Q3 - 
	JPMC also partned with Pivotal to expand footprints in Cloud environment.
	We worked on a project where we used to work with Pivotal in a pair programming mode. 
	Due to our expertise in Cloud native application delivery, we constantly received good feedbacks from Pivotal as well, and it got highlighted at CTO level in Asset Wealth Management. 
	This resulted as an example engagement model to JPMC and JPMC extended this type of engagement in other areas.
	We create resuable assets, best practices which are helping other projects in Cloud implementation.
	
	
	Client became so confident on us that I became a member of their Interview panel to interview candidates for JPMC in Cloud initiaties.
	It gives a great satisfaction that, as a Cognizant representative, I am able to provide consultancy services in other areas apart from delivery. 

By end of Q4 this year , our target is to productionize around ten identified apps in Cloud where we already did seven of them and experiencing the journey to deliver rest of them.

All these helped us giving new opportunity and 